{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12180\viewh10840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Questions re: JSON lab directory\
\
SO the FORM.HTML file comes first\'85 which then calls the getForm.html file. How do you link this? I see the \'93submit\'94 property name and type in the form section but how does it know to go to the getForm.html when you click this button? Why is there a getForm.html instead of doing everything in the getForm.js file?\
\
getForm.js \'85  All it does is to parse the data from the url in the address bar? \
\
From getForm.js \'93info[1].split(\'93&\'94)\'94  what is \'93info\'94? Is it a built-in function in javascript?\
	What does it do/entail? Split divides the strings at the ? in the URL. Everything before the ? is discarded? \
\
info is created and passed the text from the URL divided into two parts separated at the ?.\
	info[0] will contain the http\'85. up to the \'93?\'94\
	info[1] will contain the end part after the \'93?\'94\
	nameValuePairs is an array created from the data in info[1] and splits the data to create an array with an \
		element for each occurrence of the \'93&\'94 symbol in the text\
\
How does javascript know to make these variables into arrays?	\
\
Is $_GET a built-in thing or is it created? is var $_GET = new Object assigning something to $_GET that already exists or is it creating a new thing called $_GET? Why the $? Isn\'92t that in PHP? What is Object? Is that defined somewhere else or is new Object built into javascript?\
\
\
\
\
1)  getform.html\
	var url=document.location.href;\
\
	What is document.location.href? How does the program know what this is? What is it referencing?\
\
2)  Why is there a getForm.html and form.html?\
\
3)  $_GET is a javascript built-in function\'85 How does \'93property in $_GET\'94 know how to parse this for the for \
	loop? \
\
4) document.write refers to the current html page?\
\
5)  \'93(property+"="+decodeURIComponent($_GET[property])\'94 what is the property? What does it mean \
	to use the \'93property\'94 function? How does it know which property to access? How does \
	decodeURIComponent work? From how this is working $_GET is an array, so property is a numeric\
	value? \
\
6)  JSON.stringify is a built-in function from JSON to convert the $_GET array into a string to fill the \
	text object/variable? \
\
7)  What does JSON.parse do to the \'93text\'94 object that it is using to fill the \'93obj\'94 object?\
\
8)  This for loop is doing something to the \'93obj\'94 object. \
}